DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the castle knights.
Now Earth and Neathia you were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan,
Dragonoid Colossus on our side.
Now, Drago.
Bakugan, brawl.
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall, got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[evil laughter]
Who would want to rescue these vermin, hm?
This Bakugan Biological Research Center
sounds like a really terrifying place to me.
I'd rather not be going there.
Hm?
Oh, look, it appears we have a welcoming party.
Tell me, Nurzak, are you bringing
Princess Fabia as a peace offering to the emperor?
I think maybe Nurzak is looking for payback.
So these two are in cahoots.
Huh?
Clever you, Stoica.
No more talking then.
Let the battle begin.
[laughter]
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Redemption.\"
Jake, it's me.
We came to get you and bring you home with us.
What do you mean?
You are wrong.
Gundalia is my home.
What are you talking about?
This isn't your home, buddy.
Sorry, Dan, you're mistaken.
Jake, what are you doing?
Perhaps, Fabia, I should take this.
No way.
We're in this together.
Nurzak, you had your chance to go quietly before.
But this time, I'll put you down for good.
If the emperor failed to do so,
what makes you think you can?
May I have this dance, Princess?
Mind if I lead?
Not in my house.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
[growl]
I guess I'll cut in.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
On behalf of the castle knights
and all of the citizens of Neathia, I will take you down.
Our turn, Sabator.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Let's go, Lythirus.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
I will crush you.
Sounds like they're in trouble.
Maybe we should take advantage of the distraction
and hit the lab quickly.
What do you say, Mason?
I say, yeah, this may be our only chance.
Hold on, guys, we're coming.
I think it's time we show these fools what a grave error
they've made in coming here.
I couldn't agree more, mistress.
Ability, activate.
Fang Dome.
I'm about to teach you a very painful lesson.
Stand still!
Aranaut!
Allow me.
Ability activate.
Tough Rock.
I'm going to crush you.
You think those puny claws will actually work on me?
Thank you, Sabator.
Don't flatter yourself, Aranaut.
That wasn't about protecting you.
It was about settling a score with the mitt.
Bring it, rawhide.
Ability activate.
Brutecam Wilder.
What?
Too slow, musclehead.
Ability activate.
Garm Talon.
I'm going to tear you apart.
Don't you listen, mitt?
I told you those things were useless on me.
That looked like it really hurt.
Maybe we underestimated the old man.
Whoa.
Come on, what are you doing, buddy?
You got to let us out.
Sorry, but I don't think I can do that, pal.
Leave it to me.
I'll smash this place to rubble.
I'm with you all the way, pal.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
What?
What's happening?
Sorry, I didn't tell you?
There's a security shield around this cell that
keeps you in ball form, Drago.
Sit tight, fellas.
You're going to be here a while.
What now?
OK, my turn now.
Ability activate.
Eel Weakness.
Let's go, you cockroach.
Ha!
Oh, look, the mad cow strikes against.
Huh?
Try this one.
Ability activate.
KAZARINA: That won't work.
He shut down Sabator's abilities.
It's OK.
I'm distracting them with old moves.
Now, we pull the switch.
What you need to do is when nobody's looking--
[whispers]
I understand.
Consecutive ability activate.
Mirage Fist.
Yes.
Mirage Up.
Smile, cockroach.
What the?
How does she know how to defeat me Eel Weakness ability?
You mean, how did I know that Eel
Weakness limits your attack abilities
to one Bakugan at a time?
And that you should have thought about that before focusing
your attack on Sabator?
Nurzak must have schooled her.
Ability activate.
Death Fantasma.
Just because you have an old man whispering battling
secrets into your ear doesn't mean you're
any kind of match for me.
We'll see about that.
Ability activate.
Magnetic Mirage.
Brilliant idea.
Turnabout is fair play, I suppose.
He keeps finding Lythirus' blind spots.
Doesn't he know that with his compound eyes
and lack of peripheral vision, Lythirus
is one giant blind spot?
Don't rely too much on the fossil for strategy.
Why shouldn't she?
He hasn't failed you yet, you craggy-faced witch.
[whimper]
Lumagrowl.
You're going to pay for that one.
Battle gear boost.
I want some action, too.
Battle gear ability activate.
Barias Gear Lightning.
Razoid Charybdis.
This stinks.
I know.
[yelling]
Princess!
Well, that's the end of that.
I wouldn't be so sure about that, Stoica.
Nurzak seems to have nine lives.
We must protect the princess, Sabator.
Don't back down, Aranaut.
We can win this.
Kazarina's house of horrors is on the other side
of these doors.
You ready?
Here we go.
Um, don't you mean where did they go?
Whoa.
This is really bad.
That was a close call, but it's important
that we don't lose focus on running
interference for our teammates.
OK.
But Kazarina and Stoica must think
we're dead after that fall.
Yeah, I guess so.
Shouldn't we use that to our advantage?
What do you think?
You need to understand something.
Leading the charge isn't always the most important role.
Sometimes working battle strategy behind the scenes
is better.
I knew a man once who thrived in the heat of battle
always wanting to be on the front line.
Then one day, his hunger for action
caused him to lead a battalion of soldiers,
including his own daughter, into a fight
they weren't prepared for.
His daughter lost her life, and he learned a hard lesson.
What are you trying to tell me, Nurzak?
Without a sound strategy, the battle
is lost before it even begins.
I only say this to you because you remind me of her.
I speak of my friend's daughter, that is.
Well, look who it is.
Looks like Kazarina was right after all.
You really do have nine lives.
Tell me, Nurzak, are your creaky
old bones up for another battle, or do you want to quit?
If you think that I would ever concede,
then you're were even more delusional than I thought.
As you wish then.
Game card set.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Give me your best shot, cockroach.
Pay close attention, Kazarina.
I will show you how a real battle is fought.
Don't make me laugh, old man.
Ability activate.
Spiral Blade.
Brutecam Wilder.
You've got to be faster than that if you want to catch me.
We'll see about that.
I think it's time we shut this oz up, Lumagrowl.
Ability activate.
Arcadia Sword.
Force Chaser.
It's time that Sabator takes control of Lumagrowl's swords.
What's happening?
I'm hijacking your ability, mutt.
Ability activate.
Megalo Thereia.
Time to jump in.
Ability activate.
Aurora Impact.
You're about to feel the sting of a Castle knight's attack.
Uh-oh.
Lythirus!
Shall we spring out our little surprise?
Are those?
Yes, Fabia, Ren's old teammates.
Anything to report?
No, sir.
Very well.
Carry on with your patrol then.
Yes, sir.
Uh-oh.
Aw, snap.
Hey, slow down.
Slow down?
How about you speed up?
You're the one with legs.
I'm rocking this thing with a pro
and you're lollygagging behind.
Quit it.
Hey, get back here and hook up again.
Where are you?
I can't see in this thing.
Slow down.
I'm over here.
Ah, I hear you.
Easy.
I've only got one head.
Cool is the rule.
Don't get ahead of me this time.
Let's go.
This way, guys.
OK, we're coming.
Hey, Akwimos, something feels weird here.
What are you talking about?
What's so weird about doing the moonwalk.
Hey.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Ventus Plitheon.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise Haos Contestir.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Aquos Phosphos.
Ability activate.
Gorgon Viper.
Can't breathe.
Why don't you try this one on?
Ability activate.
Bolting Blow.
Fly Slasher.
Kazarina must have them hypnotized.
It seems as though we are not the only ones who have
placed importance on strategy.
Still think we're morons?
You played right into our little trap.
Now who's the moron, huh, Nurzak?
Well, you're the one who's about to get schooled, old man.
Ability activate.
Death End Merman.
Oh, Stoica.
Oh, no.
Those fools.
Are you crazy?
You'll drown Lumagrowl as well.
Since when can't dogs swim?
Retreat, Lumagrowl.
You're on your own now.
Everyone, come with me.
Yes, Mistress Kazarina.
Do whatever you want.
Who needs you anyway?
Finally, I'm rid of that nagging old cow.
Princess.
Nurzak, be careful.
Awesome.
Let's see which one of you can hold their breath longer.
And I bet you thought Kazarina would be the tougher opponent.
Well, you were wrong.
It's me.
Go, Lythirus.
Can you hear the clock ticking down to the end
of your miserable life?
On 3, 2, 1.
Kaboom.
Princess!
Nurzak!
Floria, my darling, is that you I hear?
Please forgive me for not protecting you.
At least this time I was able to save her.
I'll see you soon, my sweet daughter.
Are you OK, Princess?
Yes, but poor Nurzak.
Don't worry.
I will go find him.
So I'm guessing that you didn't find Nurzak or Sabator?
I am sorry.
I could not find any trace of them.
I was thinking about that story Nurzak told me earlier.
Do you think the friend he talked about was really him?
Probably, but sometimes when you're trying to teach someone
a lesson using a painful memory, it's
easier to pretend the story is about someone else.
I suppose.
Fabia?
Huh?
Hey.
Hey, guys.
How did you ever find me?
It was kind of an accident, to be honest.
We got lost coming out of Kazarina's lab
when we stumbled across you.
Lucky for me.
I'm glad you're safe, Aranaut.
It's a shame about the old man and Sabator.
A tragedy.
Oh.
They were both truly noble warriors.
Oh, man.
Poor guys.
Hey, let us out of here!
Do you hear me?
Careful, Dan, they've got this thing
wired to turn you into a French fry if you try to escape.
I know. [giggling]
Ah.
Getting a little restless, are we?
What do you want, Kazarina?
Let us our or you'll be sorry.
Is that right?
Believe it.
Why don't you look me in the eye and say that, Dan?
No problem.
Dan, look away.
Oh.
Dan!
You'll pay for that.
I doubt it.
Ah!
[evil laughter]
Despite a couple of wardrobe malfunctions,
Shun and I managed to infiltrate Gundalia Castle by disguising
ourselves as a pair of guards.
It wasn't long before we found Jake,
but we were horrified to discover
that he was teaching the Gundalians
how to defeat the Brawlers.
You've got to tune in to see what
we did to try and stop them.
I just can't believe Jake would betray us like this.
As horrible as it sounds, maybe we'd
be better off to leave him with the Gundalians.
I wish Dan were here to help me figure this out.
[theme music]